Language is the most crucial aspect when it comes to communicating with people. We can only share and excibit our feeling to others only if we are able to communicate with other humans in a way they can understand, without appropriate language one will feel lonely due to lack of communication.

Living in a country where we have to speak a foreign language becomes very difficult specially when you are new to the place and trying to adjust to that environment in the initial days. Not able to communicate with surrounding citizens will bring social problems like they wont be able to understand our feeling and thoughts and even no proper bond or understanding will be formed with them due to language barrier. This problem becomes even bad when we are not able to full fill our basic needs due to not able to share our actions or tasks what we want to an individual. 

It become very difficult to focus on the tasks which we want to do and always think of other intrusive thoughts that increase self doubt that eventually leads to depression and lonelyness. For example my friend who recently moved to Germany for higher shared their experience on how difficult it would be to stay and survive in a country where citizens do not communicate in the language we can understand. He mentioned lot of worries of not even able to other a coffee from a cafe to not finding an accomodation to stay. This problem is lot bigger than he anticipated it would be. Due to this he said that he is more concentrating on the learning the language more than studies part which is the main reason which he went for.

To conclude this, i strongly agree to this problem of not able speak foreign language will eventually cause many problems of which the main ones are social worries and practical problems as well.
The bar chart illustrates the amount spent on consumer products by two countries in the year 2010.

Overall, both countries spent the most money on cars and a similar amount was spent on computers. However UK spent the least on perfumes and France for cameras.

UK spent the most amount on cars which was just over 450,000 and France is approximately 400,000. However, both countries nearly spent the same for computers where France was about 380,000 and UK accounted for roughly 350,000. UK spending was more than France for books which is at just above 400,000 and France reported at approximately 300,000.

UK showed the least interest on perfume compared to France which was at roughly 145,000 and 200,000 respectively. The most difference was observed in cameras category, where UK spent double the amount of France staying at just above 350,000 and France reported for approximately 150,000.